Ilariae/delegated guardians (#812)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs: docs/protocol/infrastructure/vaas.md

With the concepts now defined, it is possible to illustrate a full flow for message passing between two chains. The following stages demonstrate each step of processing that the Wormhole network performs to route a message.

> 1. **A message is emitted by a contract running on Chain A**: Any contract can emit messages, and the Guardian Network observes supported chains for these events. For full Guardian Set chains, all 19 Guardians directly observe on-chain messages. For chains configured for delegated observation, a delegated subset performs direct observation and broadcasts signed observations to the rest of the network. In the diagram, Guardians are represented as a single entity for simplicity, but observation and signing are performed independently by each participating Guardian.

Reviewer: Focus nit: Prefer "delegated chain" over "chains configured for delegated observation" and [naming convention](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs/pull/812/changes#r2842052376):
```suggestion
1. **A message is emitted by a contract running on Chain A**: Any contract can emit messages, and the Guardian Network observes supported chains for these events. For full Guardian Set chains, all 19 Guardians directly observe on-chain messages. For delegated chains, a delegated subset performs direct observation and broadcasts signed delegate observations to the rest of the network. In the diagram, Guardians are represented as a single entity for simplicity, but observation and signing are performed independently by each participating Guardian.
```

> 2. **Signatures are aggregated**: Guardians independently observe and sign the message. For full Guardian Set chains, all Guardians perform on-chain observation. For chains configured for delegated observation, a delegated subset observes and broadcasts signed `DelegateObservation` messages to the rest of the network. Canonical Guardians wait for delegated quorum before contributing their signatures. Once a two-thirds majority (13 out of 19) have signed, the signatures are combined with the message and metadata to produce a VAA.

Reviewer: Focus nit: Prefer "delegated chain" over "chains configured for delegated observation" and [naming convention](https://github.com/wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs/pull/812/changes#r2842052376):
```suggestion
2. **Signatures are aggregated**: Guardians independently observe and sign the message. For full Guardian Set chains, all Guardians perform on-chain observation. For delegated chains, a delegated subset observes and broadcasts `SignedDelegateObservation` messages to the rest of the network. Canonical Guardians wait for delegate quorum before contributing their signatures. Once a two-thirds majority (13 out of 19) have signed, the signatures are combined with the message and metadata to produce a VAA.
```

With the concepts now defined, it is possible to illustrate a full flow for message passing between two chains. The following stages demonstrate each step of processing that the Wormhole network performs to route a message.

> 1. **A message is emitted by a contract running on Chain A**: Any contract can emit messages, and the Guardians are programmed to observe all chains for these events. Here, the Guardians are represented as a single entity to simplify the graphics, but the observation of the message must be performed individually by each of the 19 Guardians.

Reviewer 2: "the observation of the message must be performed individually by each of the 19 Guardians" - still needs to be adjusted
